The problem
Once we delevelop the system that can obtain the questions  and the prototype of the Trivial game, 
the NoGame company decided to develop the same game, but with some modifications. The marketing 
department og the NoGame has observed that the Trivial game can have a greater impact if it came 
be used through the Web, where users can connect and play between them.

The previous logic of the game could be reused, but we added a new layer that allows players to connect to the web,
create a new game and play with it. 

The company also want that the players will be registered in the web in a very simple way, that allows them to
know the historical data. Furthermore, when a user is connected, should be able to know if other users 
are connected to invite them to participate in a game. 

One the users accept to play a game, it should be in a very similar way that the desktop one. However, it is a web game,
so it is possible that a player loses its connection to the web, and leaves it without any notification. 
The system should deal with these problems.

Given that the company expects to have a big number of users, the architecture 
must be scalable and offer good answer times to the actions of the connected users.

The company wants that the solution has a separation between the game logic and the user interface so they can
experiment with different visualization types. The company is also interested in a web based solution that works 
in different devices so they expect a solution that follows the responsive design principles and web standards.

It is a prototype, and it is expected a web application that can manages games and players. The game logic, as I said,
should be separately of the rest of the application. In the prototype, it is possible to restrict the system so in each 
game there can only be one player



Methodology
The study of the architecture will follow the Attribute-Driven Design (ADD) (Bass, et al., 2003) and the 
standard of the SEI (ANSI/IEEE 1471, 2000). 



Stakeholders	
The first step is to contextualize the problem and identify the stakeholders. 
This project will be named “Trivial Game” (TG), so that the context of references and stakeholders can be determined.
The client is a company named NoGame.


In this case, the stakeholders are:
•	People in charge of NoGame.
•	Development team of the TG.
•	Players of the TG.
•	Privileged users that can access the game stats.


People in charge of NoGame
These are the directors of the corporation, in charge of the budget, from which they allocate funds for the project.
They have to ensure that the project remains with a low cost and that can be ended before the given deadline.


Deployment team
This team will be in charge of developing the system based on the architecture.

Some of their objectives are:
•	Low technological intensity of the project, in order to obtain a controlled and predictable development process. 
•	Profitable project, that is to say, a project that can be developed with the established budget with a rate of
  profitability that makes it attractive for the development. 



Identification of the quality attributes
The following quality attributes have been identified:
-	Availability: 
  o	The system must be played any time.
  o	The web page in charge of suppert the game must be available.

-	Modifiability
  o	Easy introduction of new question types and puntuation algorithms.

-	Performance
  o	Since it is a end-user application, the application must ensure that:
    	There is no lag in the Graphical User Interface (GUI).
    	The questions must be loaded from the database at a reasonable speed so that the user doesn’t have to wait for them.
    	It works perfectly as a web application.

-	Security
  o	The stats of the game must be accesible only to privileged users.
  o	No useres without priveleges can access the stats of the game.

-	Testability
  o	The reliability of the system must be easy to test, since it  guarantees that the movements of the piece are 
    correctly done.
  o	The system must take into account that this is a multiplayer web game, so no confusions between users.

-	Usability
  o	The system must provide some ways to ease game playing to handicaped people (for example, tooltips for blind people).
  o	The colors used are so different, so colour-blind people shoul be able to play with it.

-	Reusability
  o	The core game engine must be reusable to develop the same game with different GUIs.
  o	As the logic is completely separated from thew visual, it coul be used with other boards
  o	Also, the logic could be used for another game

-	Reliability.
  o	The movements of the piece must be correct.
  o	No confusions between the piece of one player and the piece of another player



First approach to the solution

Risks related to the solution
The system has to face certain risks that have to be identified:

-	Guarantee the reliability of the calculations of the movements: This is related to the reliability attribute.

-	Guarantee no confusions between players: This is very importante: Also related to the reliability attributes.

-	Time to end movements calculations: This is related to the performance attribute. All computers must be able to 
  perform the calculations instantaneously for a good user experience.

-	Knowledge about if a player leave the game, because it connection is lost

-	Easiness of acceptance by clients’ computers. The system must not impose complex configurations in order 
  to be installed or used and must work in different computers and operating systems.
  o	It shoul be interesting to focus the game to everty people, that ism, no complex instalation and work of the game.


In order to solve the aforementioned tasks, a series of approaches have been proposed:

-	Guarantee the reliability of the calculations of the movements. Intensive testing must guarantee that all posible
  movements are correctly calculated.

-	Time to end movement calculations. A prototype created and tested in different computers showed that any
  common computer with a processor faster that 1  GHz and more than 512 MB of memory can run the game without any
  performance issue.

-	Easiness of acceptance by clients’ computers. The configuration required for installation must be minimal. The 
  parameters required for playing the game must also be minimal, being the board size the only required parameter.

-	Well working in the web : The prototyped should works perfectly using the web as the main platform. A user should
  be able to register and play online.



Impact of the solution
The chosen solution has added new quality attributes, and two new stakeholders: the players of the TG and the privileged users of the TG.

