DOCUMENTATION:

1-. THE PROBLEM
We have the task of doing a trivial game, based on questions. To do that, we are going to create an application to read the questions from a file, process and save them in a database.
Processing the questions should ensure that there are no errors. 

2-. METHODOLOGY
We are going to use ADD method and SEI norm.

The SEI Attribute-Driven Design (ADD) method is a systematic step-by-step method for designing the software architecture
of a software-intensive system. It is an approach to defining software architectures by basing the design process on the architecture's
quality attribute requirements.

It follows a recursive decomposition process where, at each stage in the decomposition, tactics and architectural patterns
are chosen to satisfy a set of quality attribute scenarios.

3-. PEOPLE INVOLVED ON THE APPLICATION
- Developers: their purpose is to make the application previously described, as maintainable as possible
- Teachers (clients): They are going to use (evaluate) the application.


4.- STAKEHOLDERS
A stakeholder is a person, group of persons, or organization that has a vested interest in the
application and that share a common set of concerns and interests in the application. So, the stakeholders 
of our applications are:
    - Developers: the group of developers
    - Client: the teachers
    
Every stakeholder or group of stakeholders has a different viewpoint of the project and the
architect has to model this viewpoint.

5.- THE GAME
Trivial Pursuit is a board game in which winning is determined by a player's ability to answer general knowledge and popular
culture questions. The game was created in December 1979 in Montreal, Quebec, by Canadian Chris Haney, a photo editor for
Montreal's The Gazette, and Scott Abbott, a sports editor for The Canadian Press. After finding pieces of their Scrabble game
missing, they decided to create their own game.[1] With the help of John Haney and Ed Werner, they completed development of
the game, which was released in 1982.

Dozens of question sets have been released for the game. The question cards are organized into themes; for instance, in the
standard Genus question set, questions in green deal with science and nature. Some question sets have been designed for
younger players, and others for a specific time period or as promotional tie-ins (such as Star Wars, Saturday Night Live, and
The Lord of the Rings movies).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trivial_Pursuit
